What is the difference between display: none and visibility: hidden?
visibility:hidden hides the element, but it still takes up space in the layout.
display:none removes the element from the document. It does not take up any space.

What are CSS Combinator?
A combinator is something that explains the relationship between the selectors.

what is cascading in css?
In CSS, cascading refers to the idea that styling rules come from multiple sources and that styles with higher precedence overwrite those with lower precedence.

What is The Viewport?
The viewport is the user's visible area of a web page.The viewport varies with the device, and will be smaller on a mobile phone than on a computer screen.

In what ways CSS can be added in HTML?
CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways:
Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements
Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section
External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file

what is Float property in CSS?
The float CSS property places an element on the left or right side of its container, allowing text and inline elements to wrap around it.

What is tweening?
It is the process of generating intermediate frames between two images.



Box-sizing property in css ?
//The CSS box-sizing property allows us to include the padding and border in an element's total width and height.
box-sizing: content-box (default):
When you use content-box, the width and height you set are only for the content area. 
  //Any padding or borders you add will increase the overall width and height of the element, but not within the specified dimensions. 
box-sizing: border-box:
With border-box, the width and height you set include the padding and borders. 
 //This means that the specified dimensions are the total width and height, and any content will be contained within that space

CSS @property Rule ?
The @property rule is used to define custom CSS properties directly in the stylesheet without having to run any JavaScript.
The @property rule has data type checking and constraining, sets default values, and defines whether the property can inherit values or not.
The benefits of using @property:

Type checking: You must specify the data type of the custom property, such as <number>, <color>, <length>, etc. This prevents errors and ensures that custom properties are used correctly
Set default value: You set a default value for the custom property. This ensures that if an invalid value is assigned later, the browser uses the defined fallback value
Set inheritance behavior: You must specify whether the custom property will, by default, inherit values from its parent elements or not.






